I think you have a customer,
Mr. Cleanwrench.
You sell the station
to Octiline Oil Company...
and we let you live.
Those people control half
the mob in this country.
Hey, who are you?
Carlos Mendoza, Miami.
Whatever Sonny's into has
got to be on those trucks.
You bozos wanna get
this thing out of my way?
You guys ain't cops. Why are
you sticking noses in this?
This guy is an imposter.
I'm gonna pay
that station a visit.
In 1972,
a crack commando unit...
was sent to prison
by a military court...
for a crime they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade...
to the Los Angeles underground.
Today, still wanted
by the government...
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire the A-Team.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Looking good, Kelvin.
You did a real nice job, Kelvin.
When you get finished
putting the hose away...
stack those tires
by the far wall.
You betcha, Zack.
You don't have to take them
in one trip, Kelvin.
I don't?
No, son.
Just so they get over there.
You can take as many
trips as you need.
- Really?
- Really.
How's life, farmer?
Get off my property.
Boy.
Hey, is that any way to
greet a fellow businessman?
Look, I ain't gonna be selling.
You got Randy Wilton
and Pete Travers...
but you ain't gonna get me.
You know, some people
are just too dumb...
to know a good deal
when it comes along.
Ain't that right, Kelvin?
Yeah.
He says yeah.
See that, Zack?
What Kelvin, here,
is trying to tell you...
is you should sell now...
while the place
is still in good shape.
Ain't that right, Kelvin?
You see, you never know
when a valuable asset...
is gonna lose
some of its resale value.
Come on, big guy.
Now, even you ain't that thick.
All right.
Now here's the terms of the agreement
we talked about the other day.
You sell the station
to Octiline Oil Company...
and we let you live.
Think about it.
Then sign it.
We'll be back
in a couple of days.
Hello? Anybody home?
Forgive me,
Father, for I have sinned.
Pardon me?
That's what you wished
to say, wasn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
What do you wish to confess?
Well, nothing.
I went to see this Mr. Lee
at the Chinese laundry...
and he sent me...
to this guy
at the Buick dealership...
and he told me that I
could find this fellow...
if I came looking here and...
Whom do you seek?
I seek the A-Team.
The A-Team? Are they not criminals?
Are they not outlaws?
Are they not fugitives from
those that uphold the law?
Well, I don't know about that.
But I was just hoping maybe they could
help me with these slimeballs...
excuse me, Father...
these lowdown critters that are
trying to run me off my station.
Tell me your problem.
Yes, sir.
Well, a few weeks ago these
hoodlums from Octiline Gas...
they started muscling in on the
station owners at Green Tree Creek.
Did they commit violent acts
towards you and your property?
Yes, they did.
Did you seek out
the proper authorities?
Yeah, I went to the police...
but they said
they needed more proof.
Corroboration
is what they called it.
Well, the other owners, they
won't swear out a complaint.
They are too afraid. They
have families and all...
and I just have Kelvin.
I really do need some help.
God moves in mysterious ways.
Then you will help me
find the A-Team?
You've already found them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So this guy from
Octiline rolls in and says...
you got a partner whether you
want one or not. Is that right?
That's it.
Sounds like simple
Grade A extortion, Hannibal.
What do we know
about Octiline, Face?
I think it's a Midwestern outfit.
You know, Chicago, Detroit.
Why would somebody
wanna muscle in...
on a few independent gas
stations in Green Tree?
We didn't stop to ask them while
they were threatening our families.
They set my tow truck on fire.
Blew it up
right in my front yard.
My kids are scared
to walk to school.
Hey, man, ain't nobody in the world got
a right to take away what is yours.
And the only people who are gonna
keep them from doing it, is you.
Now, we can help you, but you gotta
take a stand. Now, are you with us?
I am.
- Count me in.
- Yeah.
Sounds like we got
a mandate, Hannibal.
Okay.
Who's the head man
at Octiline out here?
No idea. We just see
this punk McMahon.
Doesn't sound like your
typical oil industry exec.
No, we need the main man.
Tighten the valve a little,
Colonel, see where the fluid runs.
Sounds about right, Captain.
The man's got a plan.
Yes, service with a smile.
Oh, nice, Murdock.
Service is the keyword
in the term "service station."
I never thought of it that way.
And we gonna provide
full service...
because people are tired
of passing their money...
through bulletproof windows
in the middle of the night.
They want a little bit
of personal attention.
I think you're onto
something there.
One should never have
to pump gas by one's self.
Especially when one
is going to dinner.
Because one can never get the smell
of gasoline off of one's fingers.
I have never been able
to do that myself.
But...
I think you have a customer,
Mr. Cleanwrench.
- Fill her up?
- I don't need any gas.
Check under the hood then?
Oh, there's no need.
A well-maintained automobile
is gonna last you about...
50,000 miles longer
than a neglected one.
It's a rental car.
Look, I just need directions.
Where do you wanna go?
Mockingbird Lane.
Mockingbird Lane?
Is that East Mockingbird Lane
or West Mockingbird Lane?
And what is the address
on Mockingbird Lane?
Just tell me where Mockingbird
Lane is located, please.
Well, if you don't know the address
is, perhaps I could call the party...
that you're looking for and they
could come here and visit you.
Or, you can have
one of our free maps.
This idea of full service
is great, Murdock.
I knew it, I knew it.
But quit giving them maps away.
They ain't been free
in 10 years.
Yes, sir.
Now, you see, you gotta
tighten the nuts just right.
Use your torque wrench.
And don't go over
the pound weight.
I don't know, B.A.
I sure wish I could figure
things out like you.
Hey, man, I don't wanna hear
you putting yourself down.
Here. Now, do it
like I showed you.
Where'd you learn all this?
In the army.
In the army?
Wow.
I wish I could be in the army.
Hey, you can learn it all right
here from Mr. Badwrench.
That's me.
Mr. Badwrench?
All right.
What are you doing, B.A.?
Well, that's just Sheriff Ann.
I'll introduce you
if you're shy.
Quiet, Kelvin.
We're gonna play a little
game called hide and seek.
Fill her up?
Just dropped by to say hello.
Sheriff Ann Plummer.
I'm H.M. Murdock,
at your service.
Hi.
Hi. Didn't catch your name.
John Smith.
How you doing?
Fine.
When did you take over for Zack?
We didn't really. Just some
old friends helping out.
Oh.
Welcome to Green Tree Creek.
Hope you like it here.
I like what I see so far.
You look very familiar.
I'm flattered.
Sheriff Plummer?
Hope to see more of you.
You will.
- How you doing?
- Not bad, not bad.
Any more trouble?
No. Not since I got help.
I guess you heard about
Pete Travers over on I-10.
Had to sell.
We've been through
this before, Zack.
Unless they file charges, it's just
a normal business transaction.
After they threaten
to kill your wife and kids.
Well, unless he tells me that,
there's nothing I can do.
Right now, all I got is a couple of
guys with out-of-state plates...
trying to buy up gas stations.
Well, maybe the law
can't do anything about it.
See you.
Service with a smile.
Well, thank you.
- Fill her up?
- No.
Doesn't anybody stop
for gas anymore?
Let me check your tire pressure.
Don't touch my wheels.
Did you eat pizza this morning?
Get this clown out of my face.
I want the owner, I don't
wanna talk to flunkies.
Then you wanna talk to me, pal.
You?
What are you talking about?
I had a deal going with Zack.
The deal is off. I'm the new legal owner.
Zack is my partner.
We're keeping the station.
If that's not satisfactory...
I wanna talk to your boss 'cause
I don't talk to flunkies either.
I'm the boss.
You're too stupid to be a boss.
You don't know
what you're getting into here.
I think I do.
You got a couple of friends of mine
to let you takeover their stations.
We're gonna buy them back.
We got an offer
to make your boss.
Let me summarize
the major deal points.
We take them back, plus 10%.
Your boss signs at the bottom.
You can witness it.
Think so, huh?
Well, that's a fancy dipstick you got
there, pal. I hope you know how to use it.
Well, let's find out.
Here, pal.
Here's the contract...
and one of our free pens.
I just don't like the idea...
of B.A. taking apart
my brand-new truck.
I'm sure he's just using it
to train Kelvin.
I know, I know. But I worked so hard to
win it on the Wheel of Fortune, Face.
We had to work so hard, okay?
Besides, you're the one that took
the trip to Hawaii, without me.
I know.
Looks like he's at home.
Oh, boy.
Who's the meatball?
Please, please, Murdock.
A little respect
for a member of the family.
Zack's Service.
Yeah, listen, Hannibal. This
is getting real interesting.
Guess who McMahon ran to.
Well, am I gonna like this?
I think you gonna love it.
Sonny Marlini.
Sonny "The Enforcer" Marlini
from Detroit?
The very same. Looking very tan,
healthy, and itching to kill.
Sonny "The Enforcer" after a string of
gas stations in Green Tree Creek...
does not add up, Face.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Well, skip the
punk and stick with Marlini.
Yeah, look, gotta go,
Hannibal. Gotta go.
I want you to secure
the shipment for the truck...
at the state line and call me at the motel.
I wanna make sure it's here.
- Then ride shotgun back to the house.
- Yes, sir.
And, Mac, no mistakes, huh?
Hi, there.
Hi, yourself.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I could have
sworn I left this door open.
Look at that. 208.
I'm on the wrong floor.
All these corridors
look the same, don't they?
Yeah, well, I guess, I better
go down to the right floor.
- Guess you'd better.
- Yeah.
Well, it was nice seeing you.
Boy, oh, boy.
This is just too small a town.
Didn't you hear me honk?
I saw her pull up.
No, I was too busy peeping.
Yeah, Hannibal, listen.
Sonny's got himself a room and a
girl at the Green Tree Motel.
Check it out.
Check it out?
What am I gonna do?
Just knock on his door and ask him
what crimes he's planning to commit...
while he's in town?
Have Murdock knock on the door.
Hey, Marty,
we've been on the phone.
Hey, Trish, get the door!
Hold on. Someone's at the door.
Hold on, Marty.
Sonny, I don't
got no towels in here.
Yeah?
Housekeeping.
All right. Come on. About time
somebody cleans up this dump.
- Where's the soap?
- Yeah, Marty.
Yeah, good talking to you.
How you been?
- Get off the phone, Sonny.
- Oh, yeah, you gonna make it then, right?
All right, yeah,
it's 4087 Mockingbird Lane.
When are you gonna be there?
All right, I'll see you
over there then. Right.
Oh, you must be
a very important man.
What?
Hey, this is
a great place, Sonny.
Hey, miss.
Hey, miss?
Wanna clean up the bathroom?
Go on.
What are you doing?
Hey, look. Miss, look.
Make sure Trisha has some towels, will you?
Give her a lot of towels.
You can have all the
towels that you want.
Just please don't steal
any from me.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah. Hello. Tony Balloons!
Yeah, Tony, how you doing?
How goes the war?
The flu?
Oh, minchia, Tony.
What?
That bad?
Oh, no, Tony. Wait a minute.
Let me get this down then.
Give me that again.
Carlos...
Sonny, why you spend
all the time on the phone?
..."Blue Moon" Mendoza. Where do
guys come up with these names?
Yeah. What,
you're kidding me?
Yeah. Does he know
where to go?
All right, good.
Tony, how do you
catch cold in Miami?
All right, Tony, yeah. Well,
listen, take care of yourself.
And, Tony, stay out
of the snowstorms, will you?
Sorry.
Excuse me, honey.
Would you care for some towels?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, this is a great hotel.
Motel.
Whatever.
Yeah. Hey.
When is that load
gonna get here?
Noon? Well, yeah.
I hope so. Yeah.
All right, listen. Take the
Hempstead Junction exit...
use the back roads, will you?
This rig doesn't get through
and get through safely...
I'm gonna hear
all kinds of hell.
I don't need it
from both ends...
you know, so no surprises!
Hey, could you do me up here, please?
Could you zip me up?
Oh, yes.
Look, anything
happens to this load...
your head comes
in a hatbox, got that?
I'm hungry, Sonny.
Okay, honey. I gotta go make
a hit at this station...
and then I come back to get you later.
Okay? What do you say?
Hurry up, Sonny.
I'm hungry.
All right. All right.
Noon, huh?
Route 116?
Whatever Sonny's into has
got to be on those trucks.
Hey, man, here he come.
How you doing?
Sonny Collins. In charge
of Octiline Petroleum.
- I hear you've been looking for me.
- Yes, we have.
Well, I'm here to apologize.
I understand
there may have been...
some less than ethical
business practice...
and I wanna clear that up.
Here's the contract
you wanted me to sign.
Here it is, Sealed, delivered.
The place is yours.
What about the other stations?
Hey, pal,
just take what I give you.
I'm afraid it's a package deal.
Package deal, huh?
Well, I'll have to give that
some thought. I...
I'll get back to you
on that, okay?
I don't get it.
Well, he was too willing
to give in.
He's gotta be working
on something bigger.
Yeah, well, he gave us
what we wanted.
He signed the papers.
I don't know, Hannibal.
I don't think we should
hit his load now, do you?
- Of course not.
- No.
I'm never gonna let
you use anything of mine again.
You have no respect
for personal property.
That's fine with me! I'm not
even gonna talk to you any more.
- Yeah. Can I get that in writing?
- You could...
You can get it in writing,
if you want.
You bozos wanna get
this thing out of my way?
Sure, wouldn't wanna
inconvenience you.
Hi. Why don't you leave
the driving to us, eh?
Now let's see what Sonny is trying
to bring into Green Tree Creek.
It's furniture, Hannibal.
Just lots of furniture.
Mostly 18th century English stuff,
I'd say, Sheraton and Hepplewhite.
And I guess this is who owns it.
Now, who does that look like?
Sam Marlini.
The biggest mobster
in Detroit. He's dead.
Imagine him
about 28 years older...
gray hair, lots of wrinkles...
planting a bush.
The gardener?
Are we right?
I got nothing to say.
Then you prove the point.
This thing is getting
bigger and bigger, guys.
I say we stay.
Hey, Pop.
Hey, Pop!
I'm standing right here.
Why do you have to shout?
I got us off the hook. I straightened
it out with the gas station.
What do you mean,
"straightened it out"?
Those were my deals.
- Your deals?
- Yeah.
Pop, we leave you
alone for a few days...
you start shaking down
gas stations like it's 1946.
I gotta have a little fun.
Look, I'm bored.
- You're bored?
- I'm bored.
- Bored.
Pop, listen to me. I went through a
great deal of trouble, you know...
to stage that accident with the prison bus.
You know that?
You're supposed to be dead, Pop.
You don't go around here
attracting attention.
Look, I wouldn't be dead if you would
have whacked that judge like I told you.
We don't whack judges these days, Pop.
You don't.
No, we don't.
We send them to college.
It was you that whacks a police
commissioner in broad daylight...
at one of our own
shopping malls, yet.
That had to be done.
I don't know, Pop, sometimes
I'm beginning to think...
you're getting senile.
- Mr. Marlini.
- Yeah?
I got food for 12 people. I got the
antipasto, I got the three pastas...
I got the ossobuco milanese.
Good, Gino! Hope everybody enjoys it.
Take care of it.
How? How are they
gonna enjoy it?
I got nothing to put it on...
they got nothing
to eat it off of.
I need plates, silver,
glasses for the vino.
And we got no tables
or chairs, either.
All right, Pop.
So we set up a few folding tables,
a few folding chairs, okay?
These are important people
with important businesses.
How's it gonna look,
you got no chairs to sit on...
no tables to eat off of?
Enough about the furniture, Pop.
How many times I got to tell you?
It's on its way. Okay?
Scusi.
There it is.
Right now.
Mac! What happened?
Those clowns from the station,
they ambushed the truck.
My furniture?
What happened to my furniture?
They got it,
Mr. Marlini.
You hijacked
my father's furniture.
And you want it back?
Hear you're giving a party at your
dad's house for half the mob.
What is it? Appalachia West?
You don't know what you're
talking about, pal.
You can have all the
towels you want.
- Just don't steal any--
- Hey, what gives here?
Wait a minute.
You guys ain't cops. Why are
you sticking noses in this?
We don't like scum like you
moving into the neighborhood.
It ruins the property values.
You stay out of this, pal.
Let's talk about it, shall we?
Now, why is the biggest
mobster in the country...
relocating to Green Tree Creek?
What's the story, Sonny?
My father is retiring.
What are they gonna do, give him a
gold watch for faithful service?
My old man is dividing up
his holdings.
They agree, okay.
They don't, well, they
decide among themselves.
I think we'd like to attend.
Everybody knows everybody.
That's not exactly accurate.
Tony Balloons from Miami
has got the flu...
and he's sending somebody
that nobody knows.
Carlos "Blue Moon" Mendoza.
Okay, Sonny...
how do we find Mr. Mendoza?
- Hi, there.
- Hello.
- May I help you, sir?
- Do you have a reservation...
for Carlos
Mendoza from Miami, Florida?
Mendoza?
Let me see.
Mendoza. Is that
with a "Z" or an "S"?
With a "Z."
"Z"?
Here it is. Yes, Carlos
Mendoza, Miami, Florida.
Here you are.
That's Room 211.
Front!
Gracias. Yes,
enjoy yourself, sir.
- Follow me, sir.
- Gracias.
Carlos Mendoza, Miami.
Tony Balloons,
he sent me here to...
To act for him.
Did Tony give you
something for me?
Well, that depends upon
who you are, old man.
Sam Marlini, chico.
Well, if you are
who you say you are...
then this is for you.
Okay, Mendoza...
go inside
and get yourself a drink.
Meeting starts
in a couple of minutes.
That is Mendoza
with a "Z," not an "S".
A "Z". And that gold coin?
Tony said that I can show it to
you but not to let you keep it.
I'm inside, Hannibal.
Señor, yes, I will
have a Cuba Libre, por favor.
So far, so good.
I'm just glad Mendoza's
suit didn't fit me.
Gotta hand it to Murdock...
the fool's got a lot of guts.
This is Sheriff Plummer.
Come out with your hands up.
We've got you surrounded.
You, all of you, freeze!
Those are the wrong ones, Annie.
It's the A-Team I want,
Zack. Come on.
Get them out of there.
Search them, cuff them.
You're making a big
mistake, Annie.
I ran a fingerprint check on them.
They're the A-Team, all right.
Sorry, I don't know
what's keeping my son.
So let's get on with business.
To those opposed
to Maury Goodman...
taking over the southwest end
of town, advise.
Huh?
Okay, Moose.
You got it.
And might I add, it couldn't
happen to a better guy.
The East, I'd like to pass on
to my son Albert...
who you know as Sonny. He does
all right with the numbers...
and he's doing pretty good with the
bookies and I think he deserves it.
Any objections?
Finally, we come...
to the North side.
This I'd like to pass on...
to my good trusted friend...
Tony Baloons.
Unfortunately, poor health...
has prevented Tony from coming
here to make his case in person.
In his place he sent one
Carlos Mendoza with a "Z".
Stand up, Carlos, stand up.
Let us hear what Tony
has in mind to do...
with the North end of the town.
Don't you think that first...
that we should bow our heads...
for a minute and pray for my
patrón, and your good friend...
Tony Baloons,
for his speedy recovery?
Okay. That's enough.
Now let's see what Tony has in
mind to do with the North side?
Sure. Sure.
Sit down.
Well, I mean, you know...
Yeah.
He, Tony, he sent me here...
To reassure you, all of you...
that he plans to make,
no big changes.
You know,
maybe some little changes...
maybe here, maybe there.
You know...
you minimize the expenses,
and you maximize the profits.
This guy is an imposter.
A dead one.
Before you shoot him...
I want my suit back.
Now, do you see why I asked
you to bring me out here?
What am I gonna do? Arrest
them for illegal assembly?
Those people control half
the mob in this country.
If you don't try
to make an arrest...
I don't know what you're
wearing a badge for.
We don't stand a chance. They've
got an army down there.
We could have an army out
here, if you'd let us help.
The A-Team?
But first...
I've got to get one of
my people out of there.
Look, I think you guys are
overreacting to all this.
I mean, I'm just an actor.
I'm telling you, I'm unemployed.
I don't have any money.
This guy comes up to me...
and pays me good
to come here to say--
Shut up!
Shut up. Shut up. That's a silly
thing to say to an actor.
I mean, there's two words I don't
even know the meaning of, "shut"...
You open your mouth
one more time...
I put your head in a box
and mail it somewhere.
Trip's over. Hold it.
Drop those guns.
Colonel, thank God.
Move it back this way.
Come on, move it.
Open the trunk.
In.
You're buying your own funeral.
Save it. In.
Take a deep breath.
It's getting late.
I don't like it, Face.
If he was on it,
he would have...
Called?
Yeah.
Jim, Sheriff Plummer.
Turn them loose and help
them do whatever they want.
And Smith says to tell
his people to build it.
We're on our way.
You're free. And Smith's
orders is to build it?
Whatever that means.
That means he's on the jazz.
Hello, could you get Sam
on the phone, please?
It's an urgent call.
Thank you.
Yeah?
Samuel! Hannibal Smith here.
I'm just calling
to let you know...
we've got your furniture
and your fancy car...
at Zack's gas station.
Thought you might
wanna make a deal.
Sure, we'll make a deal.
You get my stuff back...
or I'll leave your bones
to bleach in the sun.
That whole family is so moody.
Get all the boys together.
I'm gonna pay
that station a visit.
Hey, that's my mantle
from my house in Westport.
You're gonna leave my friends
alone and buzz off, Sam.
I'm gonna take you
and your people...
and cut them up
into little pieces.
Beat it, slimeball.
Right. Go.
Let them have it, Murdock.
Hey, who are you?
One of the families?
Something like that.
We're a team.
You've got to be real careful.
I won this
on the Wheel of Fortune.
Are you sure?
You're sure you got all of the
old oil out of there, right?
Uh-huh.
And you're gonna put the
proper weight and grade oil...
back in there? Right?
- Uh-huh.
And you made sure that oil
plug is tight, right?
Uh-huh.
Hey, Murdock.
Leave the kid alone.
You're doing just fine,
Kelvin. Just fine.
B.A., what are you think? Do you think that
the truck needs another coat of paint?
You know, along the door,
where it was scraped?
Murdock!
Colonel Smith, I'm sure wish...
you'd let me
and the other owners...
pay you a little something
for your trouble.
Yeah. No, no.
We wouldn't dream of
accepting any money for it.
After all,
virtue is its own reward.
Isn't that right, Colonel?
Well said, Lieutenant.
The army has requested
an APB be issued for the A-Team...
after Sheriff Plummer
reported their escape.
Hannibal!
We better get out of here.
The army's just put out
an APB on us.
Let's go, Murdock.
No, no. I'm staying here
with this truck.
You go on ahead.
I'll catch up to you.
I'm done, Mr. Murdock.
I'll let her down now.
No, no. I'll do it.
I'll do it myself.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org